graduate kube-scheduler ComponentConfig to GA (#3315)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-scheduling/785-scheduler-component-config-api/README.md

The kube-scheduler configuration API `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io` was in alpha
for several releases. We graduated it to beta in 1.19 as `v1beta1`. We introduced
`v1beta2` and `v1beta3` in 1.22 and 1.23 respectively. We'd like to graduate it

> to GA in `v1.25` and remove the support for `v1beta2` at the same time.

Reviewer: I believe beta APIs must be [supported for two releases in parallel to their replacement](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/#deprecating-a-flag-or-cli), to give users time to migrate. That means in v1.25 you mark v1beta* as deprecated, then remove it in v1.27.

I think that matches the "after their announced deprecation" when not counting the release in which that gets announced. If you want to remove sooner, ask an API reviewer for clarification.

A related question: when adding a new alpha-level configuration field, will that then get added to all supported versions with a feature gate check (this is how core Kubernetes APIs get extended) or do you prefer to add a v1alpha3 as a true superset of the v1 API?

Author: > I believe beta APIs must be [supported for one release in parallel to their replacement](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-policy/#deprecating-a-flag-or-cli), to give users time to migrate. That means in v1.25 you mark v1beta as deprecated, then remove it in v1.26.
> 
> ~I think that matches the "after their announced deprecation" when not counting the release in which that gets announced. If you want to remove sooner, ask an API reviewer for clarification.~ EDIT: the core beta API example clarifies that "for no less than" includes the release in which the deprecation gets announced. There it is three releases (deprecation in X+5, removal in X+8), but the wording is the same.
> 

From scheduling side, we came to a consensus before as we don't want to maintain three CC versions, so when we upgrade CC to v1beta3, we dropped the support of v1beta1. But as you said, it's important to not breaking existing users, so I'd like to mark v1beta2 deprecated in v1.25, and remove it in v1.26(theoretically in v1.28), any thoughts?

> A related question: when adding a new alpha-level configuration field, will that then get added to all supported versions with a feature gate check (this is how core Kubernetes APIs get extended) or do you prefer to add a v1alpha3 as a true superset of the v1 API?

Good question, considering it's an experimental feature,  feature-gate might be a better choice for most of the time. Version upgrades should not be too frequently, or it will increase the burden of end-users.

Reviewer 2: Feature-gating experimental things in config files is reasonable. The goal is to prevent accidental use of an unstable thing, thinking it is a stable thing.

Config file APIs don't have the same round-tripping requirements as REST APIs (not every field in v1beta3 has to be readable via v1beta2, for example). I'd generally recommend just adding new fields to the latest config file version, as an incentive to update to newer config versions.

Reviewer 3: I'm also inclined to only add new fields to the latest CC version, b/c if an end-user is not aware of the new feature, using an old but supported CC version would preserve its old behavior, which is fine; while if the end-user wants to use the new feature, turning to latest CC version makes more sense.

Reviewer 3: > I'd like to mark v1beta2 deprecated in v1.25, and remove it in v1.26(theoretically in v1.28), any thoughts?

SGTM. Let's keep it for another release.

Author: Done, PTAL @Huang-Wei

The kube-scheduler configuration API `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io` was in alpha
for several releases. We graduated it to beta in 1.19 as `v1beta1`. We introduced
`v1beta2` and `v1beta3` in 1.22 and 1.23 respectively. We'd like to graduate it

> to GA in `v1.25` and mark `v1beta2` as deprecated for not breaking existing users,

Reviewer 3: let's keep the terms consistent, 
```suggestion
to GA in 1.25 and mark `v1beta2` as deprecated to avoid breaking existing users,
```

> we'll remove the support of `v2beta2` in `v1.26`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
we'll remove the support of `v1beta2` in 1.26.
```

  - Remove `v1beta1`
  - Remove the legacy [policy config API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/scheduling/policies/)

The fourth iteration, `kubescheduler.config.k8s.io/v1`, includes the following changes:

>   - Remove `v1beta2`

Reviewer 3: This should be moved below L110.

Author: done
